hi people I apologize ever
in advance my neighbor world since
felt four and a half hours are two
square lawn and yes
That's why you hear from time to time
any sounds like you already
You can read a headline mac city
glossybox I have the glossybox since
turned off some time so I have
but that quit because I just
was not satisfied for the 15 euro
What you got every month has it
I no longer satisfies them
actually it was small samples of it
were stupid rehearsals it was always
coming same things anyway and it
can sometimes pretend to be like that
Last rank rising like thrown rhein
has and then I was sometime
really not satisfied anymore i know
even she was no longer with it
satisfied with the box and that's why
me me then some time ago me
do not even two months
three months, I do not quite remember
I had a precisely terminated time yes
two more times then the box of
presented to my girlfriend
because I thought that is still
interesting to see what's in there
but she also turned her off
because then you do not bother anymore
had as 15 euros a month for buns
For things you might not
needs and actually if so comes
maybe just use the box
is a bit expensive boxing gets
one euro shops already for one euro
or 1 50 2 euro you do not need one
spend 15 euros and the samples
To be honest, it was a lot
glossy boxes stacked on top of each other
but still all things in it and I have
not even taken out somehow
and so it was really stupid I got
you then quit and then have me
I said with the 15 euro a month
save now so I can do something
Much better start with a product
for example, whatever I am
or what I use then too
actually use that will have
also written many
for the 15 euros I spend there
you should really something better
and I did that
because I was at mac and thought so
I'll get me for my 15 euros
save me
a product which I then actually
I also like something like mine
becomes a favorite and where I enjoy it
this product then really too
and I have that too
made
I got a lipstick myself
the lipstick costs a little more
as 15 euros the cost 18 euros 50 so
I now have three fifty euros more
output
but i thought hey this product
you have a lot more of that and you
I would very much like to wear it
then maybe just in that color
is totally in love and I then
I made my lipstick now
find on 4
I have a lipstick with me
Mac bought as I said and I try
to do that every month now
if it does not succeed then I can do it
it does not stop but I have it then
I go every month once I go
there in sum counter and search me
then something in the color spoonbill and
he looks like everyone knows how
mac lipstick looks like this is vice
finish focus that's exactly what he looks like and
there was also this from mac the marilyn
monroe but somehow it does not have me
really what they were talking about
partly all more expensive
and I thought no, I 'm starting now
not somehow experienced in this and
Get me something now because now
just sort of half it yourself
just give us something that really interests me
I like this and now I have this
Lipstick brought because looks and
Swatch yourself once more intense
and once easier that's it
lipstick that's two three now
layers and that is only one now
layer and
a great color as I think and
the tragic but I already have
two three videos already shot in advance
that's why it's gone a bit
I like the remake
lipstick very much the vices
finish matt finish I hate so there
i really get into rappel i have
until now only one or two mac
lipsticks in matt so with the medium
I take on yes in math and under
another look from nicki minaj and me
hate him people you can not
I hate this lipstick
I really wanted him, I was like that
keen on this lipstick I can
namely me remember I was a
he just came out of america yes and me
have not made it in America
to get the lipstick and then have
I actually value stupid
a totally stupid flight route we are from
new york to frankfurt and from
Frankfurt to Dusseldorf and I have
then really where we landed we are
I still had my plane in the plane
really turned my phone back on and
I then in Dusseldorf at Merck
Called Hello Hello I 'm only coming
could in four hours to go
not really that bad i believe them
then really has my desperate
Sound belongs and actually has it for me
let go, where I have to say
which is still available so in today
düsseldorf I still have that on
see the cash register
there is not sold out or something
and yes I 'm fine with him I have him
brought me was also totally happy and have
Thanks to me as well, although the
people are totally unfriendly there but
I totally thanked me because
I was totally happy and I have too
do not apply or anything else
I just took it to the
cash register and then I'm a car and have
then opened them
yes I would submit my lips
because yes you really have everyone
little seen on the lips
one has then done away first that I
Take a break at home and yes what
I'm actually telling you now
I hate this lipstick so dull
finish has not me yet
convinced and that's why I thought
if I manage every month
lipstick budget of 15 euro me times
the devastated a little bit 15
to find something but euroglas me
I like lipstick, I use it too
very often and I regret this
this money also does not invest it
Does not hurt me and shit
I would say glossybox now
and yes it was me already
Hope you are happy then if I am now
monthly with a workshop glossybox
video come it does not always mac
Maybe it will be another
be brand but I hope you are happy
In any case I have today
spelling mistakes and yes I would say that
see us in the next video and we
could yes down in the comments
Write if we still have the glossybox
you still have an abo and we still have
be satisfied
and i would say see you im
see next video